Add limit to residual, explain how to limit and when to check (#148)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: rfc_backmatter.md

## Residual

As stated in the section [coded residual](#coded-residual), an encoder must make sure residual samples are representable by a 32-bit signed int. Continuing as in the previous section, it is possible to calculate when residual samples already implicitly fit and when an additional check is needed.

For the residual of a fixed predictor, the maximum size of a residual was already calculated in the previous section. However, for a linear predictor, the prediction is shifted right by a certain amount. The number of bits needed for the residual is the number of bits calculated in the previous section, reduced by the prediction right shift, increased by one bit to account for the subtraction of the prediction from the current sample on encoding.

Taking the last example of the previous section, where 31 bits were needed for the prediction, the required data type size for the residual samples in case of a right shift of 10 bits would be 31 - 10 + 1 = 22 bits, which means it is not necessary to check whether the residuals fit a 32-bit signed integer.

> As another example, when encoding 32-bit PCM with fixed predictors, only the 0-order fixed predictor is guaranteed to have residuals that fit a 32-bit signed int, while the residual samples produced by all other fixed predictors need to be checked for this.

Author: ```suggestion
As another example, when encoding 32-bit PCM with fixed predictors, all predictor orders must be checked. While the 0-order fixed predictor is guaranteed to have residuals that fit a 32-bit signed int, it might produce a residual being the most negative representable value of that 32-bit signed int.
```
